It is but we are doing Papuapuri
This is a video that will introduce to sr Kawakami everyone
In the much now 1 hour from the start from the garden after being Nosa yesterday
It 's easy for me to work on vacation day off
One hour
And bar and doing about 50 minutes or not changed someday
You can get a mirror art
And a little bit the story of tea Leicester to why First you have to introduce God
I have to go to work that the influence is going away
It is bad that it is enough to beat area 3
Introducing the rushed red meat
I want to end
Door and yeah dude excellence likely to look at
I knew that food evaluation was 55 and only a march Kume
This bonus boat blue
This technology bonus 4 messed up
It's a huge deal
Also special tack
80 level evaluation at level 25 and listening to level 30 and practice effect up at 75
It is a table that feels like
Continued to be at the special tag border search properly in the evaluation 75
Other Is that as soon as the other events and get technology boma looks super talented Poi
It is a story Tteyuu Na want to use as early as why Well An Inn hair
And meet the
It was also listed on the thumbnails, but in fact I was able to finish in 5th place for a moment
I think I could go to Asai
In another server and open now
There is a figure
It has already dropped to 50th place
I was able to go to 3rd place for a moment
I really want to be Sam first place
I did my best, but after all
I can't beat the Latitude Day, right?
Hey Hey
If Torere Well Well Yukyu 1 week
I think it's a different story if you take a stone jab dub
bar It is one hour of lunch break
It is a feeling that the 3rd place can not be done by the limit anymore and it probably goes down more and more
Yes
It seems like a stamp, and a head is stolen to 10,000 stores
Mishima has 20,000 stores and this consecutive win bonus
Up to 100% with over 10 consecutive wins
With over 10 consecutive wins it feels like 100% stick
I am mother or 20 meters
And about 7 Kana 28-game winning streak
Because I was continuing to spit 100%
Probably some important points
a
I think that it is something that everyone can do this to nick and launch the first stealing
I will
Quite different in the day when another comes changed all this 100% and let's continue the practice
When
After all the story is said
Oh dear
Of my team
It's a percentage, isn't it about telling you as much as possible ?
At the beginning of my life
Well 2%
4% also is not it different for dreamers beetle, Epilachna round and entered the equipment
Though
So I thought it would be good if ef
This consecutive win bonus 100% Tsukui day
If you leave up I feel say is whether the first of different
8 If the reward list also introduces parts
Underneath when they in Te this is in fact to have only my great pleased to be of today pr Molly
I feel called Naa are saying using deck future since entered the
In the main just gold It is a power stone and Gedo Mr. House is not me at all
Silver following imposing Gedo after softening that appropriate so in this kind of feeling
Opponent's power part
18 a perfect score
When I received the motherhood of apr at 18 million , I did not mind at all for a moment
In the upcoming taken by I did not know Nde
Just run
I think that you can get in 21 days if you use about 3 stones
My hair is 40 million
After Power Stone I got a little bit of a little after the ranking
Top rewards
You are getting in the upper stars, right?
Top rewards in
I will confirm if everyone is good for the top reward 2
I would like to end with
Well Well array bar, also referred to after the end of work
A little more descriptive
I think I also want to take play over
A lot of different things for myself
Gradually I found the Tteyuu I wish or not it good if well and countermeasures to say? This way to
Positive I did have
What a woman role a
Because
I am done talking and everyone now doing want Well the that information continue to a loss for the other guys
On the contrary, I think that there are many people and it is a wonderful saved day when such information is included at the end of that work
If you do not mind that there are many comments by all means
The gotten information
I think that I want to work hard together
Entered was
In a
Today's videos are now videos
Maybe I'll give you another one
Anyway at this stage it is good
This video is over
Will be
No we have established a channel registration button in the lower right corner of the video entwined it is good if everyone if
so
I think if you subscribe from here please
Everybody enjoys unit stadium with everyone and by all means by all means by all means
Let's get a god and make a good pitcher one after another
It is a place called
Hey again
See you next sunny